Hello guys in this video we'll create a search API before we do that.
We saw the official I'll call the search depends and so you a Google search.
Is this the official dependency from Elgood itself.
All right done.
So the next thing you want to do is we want to go to used to you and you want to go to Ross folder and
right click on it and you file the search right.
Yes.
So now we want to call on broader employer
than Google search and go to war.
The
next thing comes to mind google search
and the apps
and comments index and client dot the index and name which we can and we don't know the name of the
one of the diocese.
So we want to go to our product and yes were copying a piece here and go back here copies that type
of thing.
So this systemically we need this because today we can actually search the Amazon No dice data for example
like title and so on.
So in order for us to do that we just need to do that search and then we can search all the data.
We do this Amazonas and dice that's it.
So we go out and create our API water.
And what's next
is going to be where you are where you got where you want to index.
I mean if there is actually not and you're no Dan we want to do the index search that index search and
then pass the query itself which is to see what we should do.
We're in the dark
and that will be the pitch.
So search takes on certain
it is
done a piece for me in search of in dice and it will pass in the query and the page number and then
it will be a callback or an arrow function with an error and content.
So once you searching dice or see the title will be tasty and then it will actually return with that
Jason format the content.
See if it matches any of the data in the index itself.
So let's give it a shot.
So now we want to support routers and when we do serve guess one of capitis this here and you want to
change the skewed a certain route.
You want to just search and copy this here.
So this is going to be a search ropes.
So it's good for our show and Les Paul Ramos's
So go ahead and go to our postman and open you up and we'll go over to the
search and then it's going to be get.
So we want to pass.
Were you close to for example let's make sure you
get there you have the search and the content will be tasty wouldn't sell or tasty and all has tasty
and tasty.
So go ahead and do it.
And you can see.
You didn't see it.
It is accurate.
Awesome.
In the next video.
Adam Peterson will walk it true on how to build the search from and I'll see you guys in the next section.